Enhanced host monitoring plugin ver.2 (#764)
awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: docs/using-the-jdbc-driver/using-plugins/UsingTheHostMonitoringPlugin.md

> We recommend you either disable the Host Monitoring Connection Plugin or avoid using RDS Proxy endpoints when the Host Monitoring Connection Plugin is active.
>
> Although using RDS Proxy endpoints with the AWS Advanced JDBC Driver with Enhanced Failure Monitoring doesn't cause any critical issues, we don't recommend this approach. The main reason is that RDS Proxy transparently re-routes requests to a single database instance. RDS Proxy decides which database instance is used based on many criteria (on a per-request basis). Switching between different instances makes the Host Monitoring Connection Plugin useless in terms of instance health monitoring because the plugin will be unable to identify which instance it's connected to, and which one it's monitoring. This could result in false positive failure detections. At the same time, the plugin will still proactively monitor network connectivity to RDS Proxy endpoints and report outages back to a user application if they occur.

# Host Monitoring Plugin v2

> This plugin is an alternative implementation of host health status monitoring and it's functionally equal to Host Monitoring Plugin described above. Both plugins share the same set of configuration parameters as mentioned above. `efm2` plugin could be used in any scenarios where `efm` plugin is mentioned. Since these two plugin are two different plugins, user may decide to use them together within a single connection. Such usage won't suppose to make any negative side effects. However, it's not recommended. It's recommended to use either `efm` plugin, or `efm2` plugin where it's needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin is an alternative implementation of host health status monitoring and it is functionally equal to the Host Monitoring Plugin described above. Both plugins share the same set of [configuration parameters](#enhanced-failure-monitoring-parameters). The `efm2` plugin can be used in any scenario where the `efm` plugin is mentioned. Since these two plugins are separate plugins, users may decide to use them together with a single connection. While this should not  have any negative side effects, it is not recommended. It is recommended to use either the `efm` plugin, or the `efm2` plugin where it's needed. 
```

> `efm2` plugin is designed to address some of the issue that have been reported by multiple users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `efm2` plugin is designed to address some of the issues that have been reported by multiple users. The following changes have been made:
```

> - Use of weak pointers to ease GC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Used weak pointers to ease garbage collection
```

- Split monitoring logic into two separate threads to increase overall monitoring stability
- Reviewed locks for monitoring context

> - Stopping of idle monitoring threads is reviewed and redesigned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reviewed and redesigned stopping of idle monitoring threads
```

> - Overall, monitoring logic is reviewed and simplified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reviewed and simplified monitoring logic
```

> >:warning: This plugin is experimental and should be verified before using it in production environment.

Reviewer: Maybe this should be moved to just under the `Host Monitoring Plugin v2` title?

> We recommend you either disable the Host Monitoring Connection Plugin or avoid using RDS Proxy endpoints when the Host Monitoring Connection Plugin is active.
>
> Although using RDS Proxy endpoints with the AWS Advanced JDBC Driver with Enhanced Failure Monitoring doesn't cause any critical issues, we don't recommend this approach. The main reason is that RDS Proxy transparently re-routes requests to a single database instance. RDS Proxy decides which database instance is used based on many criteria (on a per-request basis). Switching between different instances makes the Host Monitoring Connection Plugin useless in terms of instance health monitoring because the plugin will be unable to identify which instance it's connected to, and which one it's monitoring. This could result in false positive failure detections. At the same time, the plugin will still proactively monitor network connectivity to RDS Proxy endpoints and report outages back to a user application if they occur.

> # Host Monitoring Plugin v2

Reviewer 2: ```
# **Experimental** Host Monitoring Plugin v2

> [!WARNING] This plugin is experimental and should be verified before using it in production environment.

This plugin is an alternative implementation of the enhanced failure monitoring feature and it is functionally equivalent to the Host Monitoring Plugin described above. Both plugins share the same set of [configuration parameters](#enhanced-failure-monitoring-parameters). The `efm2` plugin is designed to be a drop-in replacement for the `efm` plugin.

The `efm2` plugin is designed to address [some of the issues](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/issues/675) reported by multiple users. The following changes have been made:
- use weak pointers to ease garbage collection
- split monitoring logic into two separate threads to increase overall monitoring stability
- review locks for monitoring context
- redesign stopping of idle monitoring threads
- simplify monitoring logic

> [!NOTE] Since `efm` and `efm2` are separate plugins, it is technically possible to specify both plugins for a single connection. While this should not have any negative side effects, it is not recommended. It is recommended to use either the `efm` plugin, or the `efm2` plugin where it's needed.
```

> >:warning: This plugin is experimental and should be verified before using it in production environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING] This plugin is experimental and should be verified before using it in production environment.
```

Reviewer 3: I am not sure "should be verified" makes much sense. Let's talk about "tested/

- This plugin is still in experimental stage. That means that users should test the plugin first for their use case scenarios before using it in their production environment.

> This plugin is an alternative implementation of host health status monitoring and it is functionally equal to the Host Monitoring Plugin described above. Both plugins share the same set of [configuration parameters](#enhanced-failure-monitoring-parameters). The `efm2` plugin can be used in any scenario where the `efm` plugin is mentioned. Since these two plugins are separate plugins, users may decide to use them together with a single connection. While this should not  have any negative side effects, it is not recommended. It is recommended to use either the `efm` plugin, or the `efm2` plugin where it's needed.

Reviewer 2: Can we use `Enhanced Failure Monitoring` instead of `host health status monitoring` since we mentioned in earlier? It feels like we are introducing a new concept with `host health status monitoring`

> This plugin is an alternative implementation of host health status monitoring and it is functionally equal to the Host Monitoring Plugin described above. Both plugins share the same set of [configuration parameters](#enhanced-failure-monitoring-parameters). The `efm2` plugin can be used in any scenario where the `efm` plugin is mentioned. Since these two plugins are separate plugins, users may decide to use them together with a single connection. While this should not  have any negative side effects, it is not recommended. It is recommended to use either the `efm` plugin, or the `efm2` plugin where it's needed.

Reviewer 3: Host Monitoring Plugin v2, also known as `efm2` is an alternative, more modern implementation of the initial `efm` plugin for monitoring host health and detecting host failures faster.
